Add function pg_index_column_has_property() (#2291)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/functions-operators/sql-function-sys-info.md

(1 row)
```

## `pg_index_column_has_property()`

> Checks if an index column has a specific property. The `index` parameter represents the OID of the index, while the `column` parameter represents the column number (starting from 1) within the index. If the property name is not recognized or doesn't apply to the object, or if the OID or column number is invalid, NULL will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if an index column has a specific property. The `index` parameter represents the OID of the index, while the `column` parameter represents the column number (starting from 1) within the index. If the property name is not recognized or doesn't apply to the object, or if the OID or column number is invalid, it will return NULL.
```
